The logo of the Romanian Wikipedia was slightly different from the logos of other Wikipedias. The letter И in the logo was replaced with the Romanian letter Ă (A-breve), further adapting this Wikipedia to the local readership.[9]

Articles can contain small spelling variations, mostly regarding the use of the letters â and î, both used for the close central unrounded vowel /ɨ/ (cf. Romanian alphabet). According to the 1993 spelling rules promoted by the Romanian Academy, /ɨ/ is transcribed as either î, when used as the first or last letter of words, or â, when it occurs in the middle of the word (with some exceptions). Still, between 1953 and 1993, the Romanian language only used î - after 1964 an exception was made for derivations of the words România ("Romania"), român ("Romanian") and related words. The Academy rules are mandatory in government organisations and in state schools in Romania. Moldova adopted the Latin alphabet for the Romanian language before the spelling reform in 1993, and it didn't switch to the new spelling up until 2001, using the letter î before exclusively (exceptions were made for România and the other related words, spelled with â). In practice, either usage is acceptable in both countries, and indeed there are publishing houses and printed magazines that use either or both of the two rules. Vojvodina uses the new Romanian spelling. Other spelling differences include sunt/sînt or niciun/nici un. The Romanian Wikipedia community adopted a language policy stating that both pre-1993 and post-1993 spelling norms are permitted, and editing an article just to switch it from one norm to the other is not acceptable; switching is allowed if the article is significantly expanded or rewritten.[10]

Concerning the addressing policy, Romanian Wikipedia uses the polite forms of the personal pronouns and verbs. A policy on this was discussed in early 2006, and consensus was reached for the use of dumneavoastră (polite "you") instead of tu (familiar "you") on its pages.[11]